from Zero Turbo Trader in 30 days. Today
is the second to last day and I hope you
went from thinking that automated
trading is a luxury for the few to
understanding that with the right tools,
leveraging AI and following the correct
approach, anyone can do it. We still
have our strategy running live but no
trades got triggered [music] today. So
we don't force trades in. We just wait.
And this is personally valuable because
as an institutional trader [music] or as
an angle trader, you don't force trades.
If your strategy doesn't trigger any
trade, you just lay low and wait. And
all we have to do for this specific
[music] strategy, just monitoring
performance and risk. Tomorrow the very
last piece of the puzzle to complete
these 30 days as Argo [music] trader and
this